README.md, before:


# FitZone 

A sleek and responsive fitness landing page built with **React**, **TypeScript (.tsx)**, and **Tailwind CSS**. Designed to promote health & fitness programs with a modern UI and smooth user experience.

🚀 **Live Demo**:https://fit-z-one.vercel.app/

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- ⚛️ React (Create React App – TypeScript template)
- 💅 Tailwind CSS
- 🧠 React Hooks
- 🚀 Vercel (Deployment)

---

## 📂 Features

- ⚡ Fast and fully responsive design
- 🎯 Modular and reusable component structure
- 🎨 Smooth transitions and animations
- 💡 Sections: Hero, Programs, Why Us, Plans, Testimonials, Footer

---

## 📦 Getting Started

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/fitzone.git
cd fitzone
npm install
Run Locally
bash
Copy
Edit
npm start
Open http://localhost:3000 to view in your browser.
The app reloads automatically with code changes.

Build for Production
bash
Copy
Edit
npm run build
Optimizes and bundles the app for deployment.

Commit message:

Add Healthcare AI Assistant to Fitness Website

README.md, after:


# FitZone 

A sleek and responsive fitness landing page built with **React**, **TypeScript (.tsx)**, and **Tailwind CSS**. Designed to promote health & fitness programs with a modern UI, smooth user experience, and integrated AI health assistant.

🚀 **Live Demo**:https://fit-z-one.vercel.app/

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- ⚛️ React (Create React App – TypeScript template)
- 💅 Tailwind CSS
- 🧠 React Hooks
- 🚀 Vercel (Deployment)
- 🤖 AI Health Assistant (OpenAI Integration)

---

## 📂 Features

- ⚡ Fast and fully responsive design
- 🎯 Modular and reusable component structure
- 🎨 Smooth transitions and animations
- 💡 Sections: Hero, Programs, Why Us, Plans, Testimonials, Footer
- 🤖 AI-powered health and fitness assistant

---

## 📦 Getting Started

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/fitzone.git
cd fitzone
npm install

## 🤖 AI Assistant Setup

To enable the AI health assistant:

1. Get an OpenAI API key from https://platform.openai.com/
2. Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory
3. Add your API key: `VITE_OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here`

Run Locally
bash
Copy
Edit
npm start
Open http://localhost:3000 to view in your browser.
The app reloads automatically with code changes.

Build for Production
bash
Copy
Edit
npm run build
Optimizes and bundles the app for deployment.
